docs: Additional metrics provided by metrics server (#1225)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.11/operate/prometheus.md

The KEDA Metrics Adapter exposes Prometheus metrics which can be scraped on port `8080` at `/metrics`. The following metrics are being gathered:

- Metrics exposed by the `Operator SDK` framework as explained [here](https://sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/building-operators/golang/advanced-topics/#metrics).

> - Metrics exposed (prepended w/ `apiserver_`) by kubernetes/apiserver [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/instrumentation/metrics/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Metrics exposed (prepended with `apiserver_`) by [Kubernetes API Server](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/instrumentation/metrics/)
```
